Publish as npm module (#43)
spcl/dace-webclient: README.md

# SDFV - The SDFG Viewer

> SDFV is a standalone tool for viewing SDFGs in your webbrowser. For more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDFV is a standalone tool for viewing/embedding SDFGs in your web browser. For more
```
